Update content about Certificate Transparency (#20742)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/expect-ct/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The `Expect-CT` header allowed sites opt in to reporting and/or enforcement of [Certificate Transparency](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Certificate_Transparency) requirements before they were enforced by default. Certificate Transparency aims to prevent the use of misissued certificates for that site from going unnoticed. Only Google Chrome and other Chromium-based browsers implemented `Expect-CT` and now Chromium plans to deprecate and eventually remove `Expect-CT` because ["Expect-CT has now outlived its usefulness"](https://chromestatus.com/feature/6244547273687040).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Expect-CT` header lets sites opt in to reporting and/or enforcement of [Certificate Transparency](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Certificate_Transparency) requirements. Certificate Transparency (CT) aims to prevent the use of misissued certificates for that site from going unnoticed.

Only Google Chrome and other Chromium-based browsers implemented `Expect-CT`, and Chromium has deprecated the header from version 107, because Chromium now enforces CT by default. See the [Chrome Platform Status](https://chromestatus.com/feature/6244547273687040) update.
```

Just some suggestions:

* I think we should use present tense even for deprecated features
* new para for deprecation makes it mire visible
* tying deprecation to the reason explicitly is better than just "has now outlived its usefulness"
